	review
1	Review for Dominos del Amo bl, Lakewood CA. Very highly recommended. Horaccio is Very professional and excels in his customer service skills.. 5 stars to him and the other staff there.. My 2nd time getting pizza from there.. The food is fresh and on point really good.. I haven't had that experience at other dominos so I just had to write the reveiw and show my appreciation for getting great and friendly professional service and the good being on point definitely puts this dominos on the top of the list.. Thank you guys. It's the way you treat others is what they remember in any business.. Presentation is everything.. Thank you
2	I called because my food was cold and not done right and was missing a few items. When I called I was answered by a woman named ** and she was very polite and nice and is resending the items fresh. She was more respectful and polite than any person I have called at Domino’s located at 5100 NC-87 S, Fayetteville, NC 28306.
3	OMG, hands down the best pizza I've had from Domino's pizza in Southaven, MS loaded with toppings, hot when we got it, the best ever. Quick contactlessdelivery. We have ordered from here before but it has never been as good as it was tonight. Whoever they have cooking they need to keep, just wonderful tonight.
4	This Domino's has the best pizza delivery and customer service that I have seen in all of Greensboro! I have tried all of the pizza delivery services, and domino's was by far the best. They made our orders super quickly, and delivered them even quicker hot and ready. I will definitely be ordering from this domino's in the future!
5	"My Sweetheart & I are very pleased with the quality of the service & excellent Pizzas from the ""Domino's"" located on Central Ave & Thomas rd. here in Phoenix AZ! We ordered 2 large Pizzas from them on 10/21/2020 using my mobile phone, order #1001, and they got EVERYTHING RIGHT! (I rarely make reviews & only when a business is extraordinarily outstanding one way or the other) Not only did they get our order Exactly as requested; Double Pepperoni, Double Cheese, Double Bold & Spicy Sauce on Garlicky Buttery crust along with a Double ""Everything"" Hawaiian that were Both Far Better than anything we've gotten ANYwhere since the ""Pandemic Crises"" started. FOR HALF THE PRICE! Thank You from Dave & Holly."
6	Do not order from them!! We have been and always late. But this time no delivery. Ordered at 9pm and called at10 pm no answer my account was charged and credited but everyone is still hungry!! Never again.
7	We ordered our pizzas at 2 pm for 5 pm. At 5:15 we TRIED to call the store, waited on phone for 35 minutes! By chance we got another call in call waiting at 5:45. It was the store on 16 th Ave in Conway South Carolina. Whoopy, telling us that our pizza was waiting for an hour to be delivered in another 3-4 hours! First this notice was already 45 minutes late! And on top we should wait another 3-4 hours for a cold pizza? This absolutely sucks. Trust me, this was the very last time I ordered from your company. I asked politely to cancel my order, reimburse our money and ordered from a local pizzeria. Thanks for absolute horrid customer service. I’ll tell that story to whoever wants to hear it. Furthermore I’ll leave my reviews where ever I can post it, Yelp, Yellow Pages etc.!!!!
8	"I've been trying to redeem my free pizza online for over a week in app and I keep generic ""checkout error"" on website. It's ""We are sorry but an error has occurred. Please try again momentarily."" And to contact the store but they can't help me redeem pizza since it needs to be done online. So I decided to contact Domino's customer service number. They too couldn't help me even after giving them access to my account and they seeing free pizza. They also received same error message. I'm currently quarantined due to Covid. In financial distress as most of us are. And can't even redeem a free pizza I earned through points. Highly disappointed."
9	My daughter and her friends had to fly back home to Texas and before leaving to the airport we ordered three pizzas to be delivered. The restaurant is located at 7070 Seminole Pratt Whitney Rd Ste 1, Loxahatchee, FL 33470, just about 2.5 miles from our house, so we figured it'd be less than 45 minutes to receive the order. We place the order at 12:34 PM but almost an hour later, the pizzas had not been delivered. I called the restaurant to inquire about the delay and I was told they were busy and that the order had been sent. I asked the person who answered the call why they didn't inform the customer about the delay so they could make other arrangements, including picking it up the order, but he just said that it was on its way.
10	It's like they have a computerized hook. When you buy pizza for the first time in a while they will serve you a good pizza full of topping and sauce so you can buy again but when it sees that you're an old customer they start to serve few toppings and sauce. I have experienced this since loooong ago. Try it and you will see. Stop buying for some time and when you go back they will serve you a nice pizza full of topping and the cycle goes on and on.
11	Absolutely the worst experience I have ever had in my lifetime!!! Poor Customer Service! Uncaring inconsiderate Manager! Poor Order Takers. But They Love Ripping you off! I paid them via debit card $40.00+ for a delivery which they totally botched and when I tried to contact them by phone they hung up on me 6 times!!!! 2nd guy told me to ** Off! I am telling you the Ogden Area Pizza Lovers DO NOT ORDER OR BUY FROM THIS LOUSY STORE - Go somewhere else and save yourself a Bucket Load of Grief!!!!
12	The whole experience was very bad and badly handled. Was very upsetting. Management didn't help with problems. I was treated like I was a liar and in the end they are refusing to deliver to me ever again.
13	Today while at work I ordered a pizza... I was unable to locate the pizza coupon I sought and therefore called the actual store. When calling after a brief hold I was able to place my order accordingly. The customer representative even recognized my employer's business number and provided awesome customer service. About 10 mins later I was able to arrive at this location for pick-up and the order was ready to be received in a timely fashion. Upon arriving back at my employer and having the Pie in hand I sat down to enjoy this amazing looking pizza. I ate approximately 2 slices and was about to have my 3rd (as I was going to bring the rest home to my children) & it happened... Something fell off the slice while eating! At first I assumed it was a mushroom but the texture and lightness as it fell caused for a closer inspection.
14	Domino's review. It has really poor service, we didn't get any oregano and chili flakes, it has been almost a year since we always ask the delivery guy but every time the excuse is that it's out of stock, we're tired of this. So please look up to it.
15	Worst as your quality is going down day by day. I received even not proper baked pizza. No cheese, plain bread even the toppings are not best. I will not recommend anyone your brand as it's going down day by day.
16	Half of the pizza was more crust than anything and what would be called a slice of pizza was actually maybe 2 bite's because like I stated it was more crust than pizza. Delivery person was very nice. Just won't be ordering again.
17	"Soooo we ordered a pizza through the app. Last night and after the order we waited 2 hours for this pizza to show up instead of the 30 to 45 min. Wait time, so we decide to call them and asked where our order was at, the manager, rude as hell too, said in a ** attitude say ""your order is out for delivery, I don't know when it will show up."" Then hung up on me. So I called them back like wtf when will it get here? He proceeded to ask what time I ordered, so I checked the app, it won't tell me, so I check on my card to see what time and I find out they charge me $50 for 2 large pizzas, so I told them to void the order and refund me. 24hrs later no refund, talked to the GM, he's pretty much ignoring me, my account is now in the negatives and no food. We do not own a vehicle and we just moved into our own place, so we have no food, she is also pregnant like wtf give me our money back so we can eat."
18	I called my order in for a medium pizza and an order of garlic knots at 9:00 pm and I called at 10:00 pm and I was told my order did not exist. I then re-ordered my pizza and garlic knots at that time, and it is currently 11:10 pm and I still do not have my order yet. Both times I was told it would be a 30 mins for my order to arrive, and both times they told me they were busy. This is completely ridiculous for a medium pizza and an order of garlic knots to be delivered to a hotel across the street from the Dominos building. I will never order from them again. Very dissatisfied with the service from the Dominos in Minocqua, Wisconsin.
19	Placed the order for pick up because deliveries are taking over 2-3 hours and upon arrival, the manager ** said she has no order. Although, I showed her my phone with the pizza tracker stating that order was ready for pick up... She said that they did not made it and that they turned off the ovens...She was very rude...When asked about her name she said Yakira the manager and you can call 1800 Domino's to complain if you want. Closed the door on me and co worker showed the middle finger at me through the glass. Asked to do it again to record it and they both laughed. I never felt so humiliated and mistreated in my whole life by a manager and her employee.
20	I put in the directions to be contactless. The guy knocked on the door, I went to get it and he was still there. He had me sign the receipt and handed me the food. I paid online so it would be contactless.
21	The noodles were hard and very little sauce. I have always had good service until now. This was something. I would not feed my dog. I wish I could submit a picture. We are out of town and hoping to eat after 6 hours of driving. Sitting down to this makes me never want to order from there again.
22	The Pizza was essentially uneatable and they didn't want to do anything, they didn't want to do anything. Total disappointment.... They need to reevaluate their business solution as I am in business in all counties of Florida as I am a State licensed contractor and this is unacceptable. Thank you. :-)
23	I have been a fan of Domino's Pizza for years. As long as you're testing driverless delivery I will not use your product again. These are jobs the American people need who's going to buy your product if no one has a job. I will also do my best to discourage as many people as I can not to use your product as long as you replace human jobs with computers. I am not alone in this. Millions of Americans feel the way I do... I will pay the extra cost for my pizza to have it delivered by a human..
24	Ordered two medium pizzas. It took an hour and a half. The pizza was cold, the tip amount included percent based on delivery fee and tax as well. $50 and cold pizza. Ummm..no. Never again. Keep your pizza.
25	I called the 352-867-5900 and placed my order via phone. Was not given an order #. Among my orders, I requested a Build A Pasta Primavera and to add Italian Sausage (always paid the difference). When I called back to speak with a supervisor Rebecca answered first, then supervisor Julie was rude on the phone, sounded rushed and gave an excuse that we called the call center, and they are the only ones that have this problem, frustration & harsh tone over phone. This is not professional and it is NOT my problem that she has to explain this to every customer who calls. I advised her that she sounds upset and her response was I talk to much and she was cancelling my order. 
26	Order a Philly cheese steak Pizza. When my order arrive it was a Philly cheese steak with marinara sauce. Call back to explain what was going on and was hung up on the manager in charge. I miss the Charles. I think this was very non-professional and I think that they should be made to make orders right when they mess up. My receipt indicated that I ordered a Philly cheese steak. It said nothing about a Philly cheese steak with marinara sauce. This Domino's is located in Newnan Georgia on West Washington Street. I do not recommend anyone order there.
27	I ordered several things from Domino's last night for my son who had some friends over. The delivery never came. I realize it was a busy day but a phone call would have been the professional way to communicate the inability to fulfill the request. My card was charged and they just never showed up. I had to call today to request a refund. We have been good customers of Domino's but there are plenty of other options. I will not be ordering from them again.
28	Dear Public,
29	I placed a pizza order online like I've done a thousand times before. The system then asked to update my zip code. Which I did. It then confirmed the order. Then I got a text from my bank as I always do. But it said that I had been charged twice. Once on the initial order, then again after I updated the zip code. I called the store but they could do nothing anything about it. So I cancelled the order. Now I have go through the hassle of getting 2 refunds. Too easy just to buy pizza somewhere else.
30	We ordered from the Domino's Stayton Oregon, first off they forgot one of our pizzas and second thing is HE LEFT OUR PIZZA ON THE GROUND! Who does that? I will never be ordering from Domino's again. Way too expensive for such horrible service.
31	I love Domino's. Their pizza is very good but I hate it when my pizza is so saucy. Today I ordered and had to throw mine into the trash because of 2 reasons. So saucy and they gave me a ingredient that was so spicy but their pizza is very good. You should give them a try.
32	I love Domino's Pizza but today it was hot so I parked my car in way that I can have shed since my kid bleed sometime in sunlight. It was taking 2 car space but it is not crime and all parking lot was empty. I felt 4 cars can be parked but a arrogant driver treated me in such way that I was his servant, I told him only 2 mins more I am going and it's not fire exit or I have not destroyed anything but he was so much arrogant (feels like he was paying for my pizza). Domino's should take action as what he is misbehaving with me without thinking how he should behave with customers and I am thinking how he treats old people and disable people who take time to take delivery.
33	We placed and order for a philly cheese steak sandwich and Chicken parm sandwich. After about an hour, I received a call from Domino`s Pizza. I was told my order is going to take about 2 to 3 hours. I asked can I pick it up. I was told I can and it's ready. I arrived 10 minutes later only to find it was not ready. 20 minutes later, I received the food. Arrived home and took a bite out of my sandwich only to find almost nothing on it. burnt bread and a very few dried out onions. Most at the bottom of the box. My wife chicken parm was the same way. Little on her sandwich and the bread was burnt and dried out like mine. Old bread? Do yourself a favor and buy your pizza from a real pizzeria. Small sandwiches with hardly nothing for top dollar.
34	Ordered 2 med cheese pepperoni and onion pizzas. Went to store to pick it up. Got home and the pizza was burnt, cheese looked like it was sitting for hours,   most disgusting pizza ever. Lost my business.
35	I recently found out that Domino's has been selling everyone's personal data to 3rd party companies. I received an email asking me if I wanted to opt out and that is how I found out. I should not have to opt out because when I created the account with them It was understood that I was doing business with them and nobody else. This is pretty unprofessional of any company doing this without letting you know what they are doing. If you have an account with Domino's then your data has already been sold. I am done buying anything from Domino's and hope they learn their lesson betraying their customers. John in Wichita KS.
36	I have noticed that when I order online, more and more items that are normally included are left out by default, for example, marinara sauce with garlic parmesan bread bites. It is a no extra charge option, but it used to be selected by default, so if you are not paying close attention to the order, it will be missing something you expect to get.
37	Domino's Pizza Domino's Pizza Pittsburgh Pennsylvania... MOEL the manager. East Carson. He canceled our order because our telephone number had not been updated and the driver was afraid to knock on our front door. We live in a peaceful neighborhood and have spent thousands of dollars over 5 years with this specific chain. An hour and a half in to not receiving our order which included a free pizza, I called and he stated that the driver would be there in 5 minutes. 
38	Love the parmesan garlic sauce! Please do more Noid commercials! Love it! He is hilarious in all your commercials. I'm very happy you brought him back. It signifies Domino's. I will continue to order your pizza.
39	We ordered 2 medium 3 topping pizzas on line from 721 E 2100 S in Salt Lake City, Utah. When we got to the store we were given our order and we left. When we got home 5 minutes afterward and opened the boxes the pizzas were burnt and cold. They both looked like they had been made for several hours, and we were charge about $16 for each pizza. Will never order a pizza from Domino's again.
40	The UPS store and the domino's seem like they share the same parking lot. My disabled husband and I had business at UPS, and were going to go to Domino's after. We parked in the handicap spot in front of domino's (they only have one). Upon returning to our car and getting ready to decide what we want to eat, one of their delivery drivers starts yelling at us, telling us that we can't park there because that's where they park. So, not only do they not care that a handicap spot is for ACTUAL DISABLED PEOPLE, it appears that they only have that spot in order to pretend to be ADA compliant. To be honest, Papa John's is much better, and the Richmond Papa John's never treats disabled people with disrespect. I know a big chain like domino's most likely doesn't care about the opinions of two people, but we absolutely refuse to eat at any restaurant that promotes hatred against disabled people or any other people.
41	I had an issue with the delivery of my order. When I called the store for the second time following up on my the delivery of my order, the girl on the phone told me she would cancel my order and hung up on me. I drove to the Imperial Market store and asked to speak with the Manager Angel. She was completely unprofessional, passive aggressive and and couldn’t even in any part of our conversation provide an apology for the girl hanging up on me over the phone. I requested a refund due to the terrible service by when the girl hung up on a me and she couldn’t even offer a refund nor again an apology. She could care less. This store needs to be retrained on service because the three people I spoke with need to learn customer service.
42	"I'd ordered pizza from them several times and each time I got the pizza it was like uncooked dough. I'm guessing it was 2/3 cooked but not fully cooked. They offered me a free pizza. I wasn't going to take it but a few months passed and I decided to just use my free pizza promise which was due to my complaint to them about the aforementioned. I called to redeem it.. The woman said, ""Well you cant get it."" I thought you are kidding not only is their pizza the worst in town. They lie also. So I figured I should post the foul treatment. Btw I immediately orders from Pizza Hut and it was easily 20 times BETTER!!! AND I AM NOT EXAGGERATING!!! SO GOODBYE AND GOOD RIDDANCE DOMINO'S THE KING OF BAD PIZZA!!!!"
43	Ordered the 5.99 two topping thin crust pizza today. What I got was a hard as a rock, dry overcooked things that was supposed to resemble a thin crust pizza. It was disgusting. I am done with Dominos from now on.
44	They never reached back out to me about my complaint as though I didn't matter. I will never use their company again. Lack of response to horrible product. I have never been treated this way before by any person or company in my life. That says a lot about how they treat you.
45	Sir, on 9 April 2021 I went to Domino's Pandav Nagar and bought a pizza costing Rs. 78. I paid using Paytm and transaction was also successful but the people said that payment is not reached to them and asked me to pay again and told that the online payment will be refunded back to my bank account. So I paid them again. I contacted paytm and they are saying that payment was successful. Now the people of that dominos are not receiving the call. I request you to take strict action against them, they are making fools to their customers.
46	Today on 15April 2021, I ordered two regular pizzas from Domino's Bailey Road, Patna Outlet (it was a takeaway order). I used my cash on the way and reached the store with only online mode of payment available. After reaching the guy claiming to be manager rudely told me that there is no QR code available and when I insisted how I'm gonna pay them, he said even company is planning to stop using online mode and Either I go back home and bring cash or go without my order. Today at a time when people rarely carry cash with themselves. It was way too unprofessional behaviour and such a low standard of support from staffs there. I came out of store disappointed and tried to reach their customer support being there outside but with no results. A concern was raised to be updated in 24hrs. 
47	I ordered a pizza from local outlet on 4 April. I happily paid 15% loading as it was a Sunday. I also rounded up for charity and gave the delivery driver $2 for his troubles. Started to tuck into pizza and my son found a large hair baked in one of the slices. Binned the rest. Gave them a poor score on their app and they contacted me a few days later, offering a few freebies. HOWEVER, when you read the fine print to get the freebies it says:
48	I made an online order for the 2nd time and has gotten nothing but poor unprofessional untrained service both time. Here April 9, 2021, I placed an order online at 7:30pm and was expecting to get it in 50 minutes (this is the time frame Domino's provided) but I received nothing. So I called the store at 9:15 pm and the little lady started stubbing before she could tell me it will be 3 hours before I get my order delivered. She then stated there isn't any drivers and that my order is ready. I can come pick it up. This is so unprofessional and unheard of.
49	Hey Guys! Today on 9th April 2021 I had ordered Domino's Pizza at 7:51 PM via Zomato and I received Pizzas in exactly an hour later which is at 8:50 PM. But the Pizzas inside the boxes were in very cold condition which I was unable to eat, or nobody will ever intend to eat with lots of cold cheese inside it. I hope you people will be able to imagine the taste of Pizza at that time. So, I thought of raising this issue since it was a very genuine and explainable reason. So, I raised the issue to chat support and I am completely shocked to see that these guys started making vulnerable excuses and never intended to provide a solution. After all, a Sorry won’t feed my hunger, so there is no valid point to do that unnecessarily.
50	We ordered a large pepperoni, sausage pizza with extra cheese and the garlic knots and garlic and hot chicken wings. The pizza was very greasy and the crust we order was to be thin and crispy, but instead it was limp and somewhat soggy. The garlic wings were not what I thought they were. They had some weird sauce on them and some of them taste freezer burnt. The only thing we did like is the garlic knots and I liked the hot wings they had heat but not so much heat that I couldn't handle it.
51	My order number is 154 & have placed the order by 4:15 pm today which is advanced booking & delivery time was 8:30 pm but till 9:25pm the order not delivered hence we were calling the Jyoti Nagar Shahdara Delhi branch but no one pickup the call then we called the pickup person. Still he wants to take more time in delivery hence we told him to take it back.. The gesture is very taken for granted. They don't care about the client. Very pathetic service by Domino's.. Unacceptable hence send our money back.
52	I ordered at 8:21 in the evening. At 10:15 they said the order was complete and I never got the food. In my 65 years of living I have never ran across such a bad place to order food from. This is one place I will never visit again.
53	"THE MANAGER CLAIMS SHE CAN DO AS SHE LIKES & NO ONE CAN SAY A WORD TO HER - RUDE, CRUDE & EXTREMELY VULGAR! The worst service ever at #Dominos Pizza Hollywell at 6:39 pm today from the one at the Metro IGA Shopping on Hollywell Road. The lady claiming to be a manager would not give me details on a new product they had stating ""you can go to the website and see it."" I advised her I was driving to which she retorted: ""You should not be on the phone while driving."""
54	I mistakenly ordered the Chicken Carbonara Pasta a Bread Bowl. I wanted it in a regular container. I am so happy for this mistake because the Bread Bowl made the Chichen Carbonara Pasta extra special. It is finger licking good and I will order this again!
55	Ordered a Brooklyn style pizza and the crust was raw in the middle and the toppings were falling off. And it was so Greasy I couldn’t eat it. This has happened several times at the local Dominos here in Blairsville Georgia.
56	This is the worst service. As far back as I can remember we have had so much trouble out of this store about our driveway. We have always communicated with the store ahead of time if it was going to be bad from weather. If it's drivable for ANY car we let them know. NO ONE HAS EVER GOTTEN STUCK. But on our most recent attempt to order the GM TOLD me that we would have to meet the driver at the top of our driveway! TOLD ME! Everyone has always been safe and made it out of the driveway. We have always been courteous to the drivers and tipped them well. We are not the type of people to put someone in a harmful situation for a pizza. I find this very unprofessional to be TOLD how to handle my order. Anyone that has DL can handle our driveway. There is nothing unsafe about our driveway. There is NO reason why a pizza couldn't be delivered to the door.  
57	Ordered a pizza and found out only after I ordered that it would take 2.5-3hours to deliver. Have I known that prior to order, I would not bother. Not only did they take my money, they also tried to deliver a 3 hour cold pizza. Shame on you, Domino's.
58	My experience was horrible. Let me explain, I ordered the chicken Alfredo pasta with another pasta for my father. We waited, and waited, and waited. Up until we noticed that the food said “delivered” to my neighbors house. I don’t know why that would happen in the first place but it did. I was pretty upset cause we already waited a while for the food now this happens. We knock to see if the neighbors have our food. They do not answer the door. We thought well things happen, so we call Domino's and they say they’ll give us our food, but it will take an hour. I was already pretty upset but I accepted. We wait and wait for our food for it to just not come. I was beyond pissed. Who does that? I was angry, hungry, and disgusted at how bad customer service was. (Note don’t eat at Domino's. They're horrible). Never ordering here again. You guys lost a good client.
59	"I ordered the Hamburger pizza and the taco pizza, which I have order before at another location. The pizzas came burnt and when I opened the box the toppings came off. I had to scrap the cheese and meal off the box to put it back on the pizza. Needless to say, it became very unappetizing after that, and no one wanted to eat it, $40 for nothing. I also order the pasta which was fine. A few minutes after delivery I get this email saying ""Well that didn't go as expected"". Again Really! They offer 10% or 20% off my next order. What about a refund! I am not a huge pizza fan but I like the Taco pizza. But this was a total disappointment."
60	"So concerned about the last two times I ordered pizza for carryout. The first was about three weeks ago, when I got to the place I could see the worker through the window with his mask down and picking his nose. I entered the store and when he grabbed my boxes I complained about this situation and he answered me ""I'm touching the box and not the pizza"". Incredible. The last Wednesday I ordered again and when I got to the store the worker and the delivery guy that had just arrived, both of them had their masks down to their chins. I expect changes to be made! Thank you."
61	"I was parked outside - 4415 Imperial Ave Ste A, San Diego, CA 92113. Notification on my phone said my order was ready at 3:28pm. I walked in, asked for my pizza, after looking for it, I was told it was given to someone else, and another would be ready in 5-10 minutes. I voiced my disappointment and dissatisfaction. The manager - ** offered me a refund immediately, I said I am just not happy my pizza was given to someone else, she said. “I can’t deal with this, give him a refund."" I said I just want my pizza, she said, ""You have your refund, now get out of my store or I am going to call the cops."" "
62	I order pasta with Alfredo sauce, cheese, tomatoes, mushrooms, spinach, and onions. The pasta was hard, very little cheese, absolutely no Alfredo sauce or tomatoes period. A few mushrooms and two pieces of spinach. I wish you could post pictures. The first dish makes me think someone has eaten from the dish.
63	I placed a order at Domino's using their app, and when the app stated my order was ready approximately 40 minutes later I left my house to pick up my order. When I arrive at the store, I found out the the order was not ready. I will be going back to Papa John's Pizza.
64	We paid extra for extra sauce. There was such a small amount of sauce that we could not taste or see it. The toppings were not spread out but just clumped in small piles-- not very generous with toppings. Paid for extra cheese also not on pizza. Plus the advertised coupon price was not honored. This was at the Dominos in St Augustine on US 1 south. The employee could not provide information on up charges for pizza toppings as they did not have a price list nor is there one online when ordering. Dominos does not have a place on their website to rate customers' experiences --obviously they do not care about customers.
65	I made a mobile order and waited in my car until the app told me it was ready. When I arrived, nobody greeted me for about five minutes. While they walked back and forth eating some sort of bread and the manager complaining of somebody wearing jeans to work again. An employee shouted at the manager about her paycheck not “ going through”. I then had to call for help with my order while employees completely ignored me. Finally somebody opened a door and asked if I was picking an order up. I gave her my name but only received part of my order. When I told her, she had no idea where my other pizza was. It wasn’t even prepared! Then they completely ignored me again! After about fifteen minutes of waiting I had to ask to have my order cancelled. At this time they tried to give me my completed order, cold. I insisted on refund.
66	Online order placed. Confirmed. Small gathering of close friends at my home, it never arrived until late. Well over an hour almost 2. I tipped the driver, etc. and I wasn’t reimbursed for my time or the lack of service provided.
67	I ordered a thin crust pizza at 5:00pm for pick-up at 6:00. I arrived at 6, I live less than 5 min. away. The pizza was cold, not cool, COLD. Sausage had no flavor, same with mushroom. The only flavor was jalapenos. You get 2 stars cuz I was hungry. This was the first time in 10 or more years that I have had Domino's Pizza. The last time I got sick.
68	I just want to say I LOVE the Denny Hamlin Commericial! His reaction is priceless and the little girl is the CUTEST! I have got to watch it every time it comes on. In the world we live in today, this is a very refreshing! Thank you!
69	Opted out on selling my info when I created my online profile. They still sold my info and I get lots of junk every day from them and their friends. Delivery was fine last time in Rocky Hill, CT, but time before it took 1 3/4 hours to get my order delivered in Novato, CA. AND the girl on the phone had the nerve to laugh at me when I asked her about the policy of getting in an hour or less.
70	Pizza arrived cold due to long delivery time. I waited an hour to received my pizza, once it was out of the oven. Driver could not find my home. Light was on and explicit instructions were given. Once driver arrived, he said 'I have 2 hours to make my deliveries'. I'm confused by this.
71	I've spent over about hour calling and the people at night have not answered the call. I have been calling from 10:50 pm until 11:35pm. No answer. I think after that. I'll just take my business elsewhere. Not worth the time.
72	"I ordered a stuffed bread and had a over $3.50 on a gift card and gave them cash for the rest with a tip. The manager called me and told me to come back because the gift card doesn't have anything on it or he's call the cops. I explained I checked the card and have verification I can send him and he yelled, ""I'm calling the cops on you."" I returned to the store, showed them my verification of the amount left on the card and he said, ""I'm so sorry. It went through."" You yelled at me, told me to come back or the cops were coming to my house and didn't have the balls to tell me you reran the card and I'm good not to come back. I'm done with this, this was so disrespectful and rude! I had to turn around and go back which put stress on me which none of us need right now."
73	I order a pizza and wings from Domino's and they bring me a pasta and the wrong pizza. I tried to explain to the manager which started to give me an attitude and proceeded to hang up. I need to know how I can file for a refund
74	They offer on their menu 'specials' where any coupon you pick even if it's a 1 topping pizza they count ANY cheese that automatically comes on the pizza as one of the toppings you are ordering. So if it's a 1 topping Brooklyn cut pizza coupon guess what, even base cheese counts as one of your toppings so any you add are extra....So if you wanted a chicken pizza without cheese then guess what, you can use the coupon but for any cheese it's extra topping. Why offer a 1 topping pizza coupon if you're basically only offering it to be a plain cheese pizza. Also they have their mix and match option coupon that has 5.99 listed in coupon name but wait they change the listed price for that coupon to 6.99 even though in the name of the coupon it says 5.99 for it. They are trying to lie and mislead people that order from them every way they can on the menu.
75	I was totally disappointed. My pizza looked and tasted down right nasty. It looked like it's been sitting around all day and dried out looking. It was barely even warm. I called cause thought I didn't get my sides but I did, but I told the manager about the pizza being cold and nasty, he did not at all say anything about it.
76	Called for a delivery, after waiting over a hour I phone the store. The employee told me the pizza was all ready, sitting under the heater but it was going to be another hour since they only had 2 drivers.
77	I wanted to take advantage of their recent sale which was one large three topping pizza for under eight dollars so I ordered two of them here in San Diego for pick-up. One was a pepperoni, sausage, and mushroom, and the other was a sausage, mushroom, with extra cheese. When I got home, I prepared to have one slice of each which I did but both pizzas were extremely 'salty'. I thought that maybe it was the pepperoni on the one but it was both. They were so salty that I ended up giving them away to neighbors. My lesson was just because they're cheap or inexpensive, save your money because as the adage says 'you get what you pay for' in quality....
78	The call went smooth, the delivery guy was quick and so friendly, and the food was splendid! I want to give him a bigger tip! I am grateful that the only pizza delivery in town is also the best one! Can’t wait to order again! Thank y’all!
79	I and my family loves Domino's pizza. We eat pizza whenever we are out of home or wherever we are in the mood of joy. But the only Dominos Vidyadhar Nagar branch is always making disappointed with their service. Sometimes with their behaviour, sometimes with their food quality. This branch never gives satisfaction. This time they spoiled our mood with cold food that they supplied. Ticket No. **
80	I ordered pizza through the app, I got the notification that it is already delivered although it wasn't delivered yet. Not picking calls also.. This is really unprofessional.. Maybe they should put otp service to ensure that your employee are not bluffing with you and customers both.
81	"My husband and I have ordered from the Westfield MA Domino's and they have messed up our orders more than once and we never complained until the last time we ordered from them. Our whole order was a mess and so we did call this time because after all it's not cheap. They told my husband when he called that they would give us credit for a free order of wings so we called to place an order tonight and get the wings and they wouldn't honor it and ""couldn't find it anywhere"" and refused to give us the wings. Long story short, we won't go back here."
82	The driver was on side road with brights on in my eyes so I flashed him when he flew out of side road trying to rear end me so I tapped brakes. He flew up beside me into oncoming traffic cussing at me. So I grabbed phone and video him. I called the store in my area told them it was urgent and they put me on hold and finally hung up. That driver is a threat to society and a liability. And they could care less.??‍♀️
83	So, I didn’t even want to rate one star but unfortunately I had to. I am permanent customer of Domino's. Today, I went to one of their outlet for using the restroom and the manager denied it. I requested but they were so stern and didn’t even respect the condition of a female. They literally suggested to pee outside in open and locked their washroom. This was never expected from a literate firm like this. It's shameful and disappointing.
84	S. P road Gaya Domino's denied to provide every day value offer. Order number is **, date 16/11/2020. The reason the sales person claim is it was ordered from above. Is this the way you are looting us?
85	I ordered a 12inch pizza and a pasta bowl. I found a long black piece of hair in my mouth and another hair attached to another slice of pizza. I could not eat the pasta bowl due to the thought of finding another hair. I have been a rewards member with Domino's always giving the drivers the max tip of 20%. To this date I have not received my refund and I am still having stomach pains.
86	I place the order at Domino's at 1801 Valley View Drive at 9:10 p.m. Saturday night. I use the tracker to see when when the delivery would be. I spoke with ** the manager a little after 10:30 wondering where my order was. ** tells me that they are two hours behind and so I asked if I wanted a refund would it go directly back to my card and ** informed me that it would be a few business days, so I decided to go ahead and wait for that order because it was my last 20$ but I asked ** would it still be fresh he told me that they would remake it so I said okay. I have no choice but to wait. I also asked ** if it would be here before 12:00 and he said it should be. No apology. He just hung up... Okay.!! 
87	After an hour passed and refused cold uncooked all the way pizza the manager used my credit card 5 times for online google purchases. My bank locks my card and I have place fraud charges on my card. He was the only one with my card information and I know he is the one that did this. The bank will be investigating. If you read the reviews on this location there is a problem and your information could be used after it is stolen for his personal gain. I pissed him off and this is how he repaid me. Do not give your credit card information to this location.
88	"Overpriced ""Nothing Pizza"". Very dry and tasteless. Waste of $16 if you ask me! Took too long for delivery and pizza was just YUCK! Nothing but Cheese and little tiny slivers of shaved beef and I think I actually saw a small chip of pepper."
89	I placed an order online on 10-25-20, the delivery drivers delivery, taking into consideration of weather, and very busy night, people called off leaving fewer delivery drivers available to deliver orders;(verified when spoke with the manager on shift, when I called to get credit on the items I ordered wasn't received). As the customer who paid for the order, on my end inquiring if the delivery driver was on their way; since, finding the addresses in bad weather, the dark and no porch light on, etc., can be a factor which isn't the drivers' fault), just as I was dialing and had hung up due to a driver being at the door, and I hung up before talking to the person. I had my door and porch door open, to make it easier to get the order. 
90	I ordered online for pick up it said would be ready in 16 to 26 min got there to pick up in 30 min not ready had wait 5 more minutes. Only 2 employees one had no gloves are face mask the other had no gloves. I threw the pizza in the garbage & bought me a burger. I won't be back.
